Editor's guide on how to edit/add pages:

## Guidelines

Use plain English and avoid using lua or coding concepts beyond a beginner level.
This is because the wiki is intended to help people that are very new to coding, lua, and Figura and that might not have the strongest grasp on English.

Don't assume that the reader has read other pages of the wiki, every concept should be self-explained.
If a function requires knowledge of another then either explain the function or link to the relevant wiki page if the explanation would be long and cumbersome.
For example: Action wheel pages and actions are two separate pages, but knowledge of pages is required to use actions, it would be appropriate to link to the wiki page for pages or the action wheel tutorial.
***
## Global pages
In global pages all functions should be on the right directory sidebar using ###.
- Sort functions together using ## subheaders.
- A #### can be used for things too small to be linked in the sidebar, but that may be linked via url sharing
- Sort similar/like functions together using the subheaders.
  Example: In the Player page functions that do with detecting item information like getItem and isUsingItem are grouped together.
- List every function get/set pair together with the set first and the get after.
- For setOnWhatever functions that have onWhatever counterparts exclude the onWhatever functions, as they will simply add bloat to the page.
- A horizontal rule goes above every function

**Example:**
### ``someFunc(args)`` {#someFunc}
***
## Lua Formatting

The first is what's displayed on the page and the second is the url, don't put the args in the url.

Give at least one code example for all functions.

Indicate examples with a bolded **Example:**

How to format lua code examples:
- Use a four space indent for clarity
- Put spaces between operators and the values being operated
- Put only one concept on a line at a time
- Keep proper indenting
- If you're using a codeblock, highlight where the function shows up in the block

**Example:**
```lua
if player:getVelocity():length() == 0 then
    log("Example")
end
```
***
## Enum Pages
Organize the parts into their most useful configuration (subjective, but it should be reasonably useful)
Use subheaders to further organize the parts, same rules as with globals
***
## Images
- No strobing/flashing images
- Use contrasting values
- Use clear images
- No imagery inappropriate for children
- Avoid color combinations difficult for people with colorblindness
- Use softer colors that would not worsen eye strain
- If showing images of editors or other programs used to make avatars, use dark mode as default.
